Copyright (c) 2023 Axel Ancona Esselmann <axel@anconaesselmann.com>

XcodeDebug License Agreement

IMPORTANT: READ CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE XcodeDebug SOFTWARE PACKAGE.

This License Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal agreement between you 
(either an individual or an entity) and [Your Company Name]
("Licensor") for the software package known as XcodeDebug
("Software"). By using, downloading, or installing the Software, you 
agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If
you do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, do not use the
Software.

1. GRANT OF LICENSE.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor grants
you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited license to use,
reproduce, and distribute the XcodeDebug package solely for the
purpose of integrating it into your own software projects.

2. RESTRICTIONS.

You may not:

   a. Modify, adapt, alter, translate, or create derivative works of 
      the Software.
   b. Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt
      to derive the source code of the Software.
   c. Remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices or labels on
      the Software.

3. XCODEDEBUG LICENSE REQUIREMENT.

The use of the XcodeDebug package is contingent upon having a valid
and separate license for the software XcodeDebugger. You must ensure
that you have a valid license for XcodeDebugger before using or
distributing the XcodeDebug package.

4. SUPPORT AND UPDATES.

This Agreement does not entitle you to any support, maintenance, or
updates for the Software.

5. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES, OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF, OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

6. TERMINATION.

This Agreement is effective until terminated. Your rights under this
Agreement will terminate automatically without notice if you fail to
comply with any term(s) of this Agreement.

7. MISCELLANEOUS.

This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties
concerning the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and
contemporaneous agreements and understandings, whether oral or
written. This Agreement may be amended only in writing and signed by
both parties.
